0.14 2008-08-01

- Add a simple cache for column methods inside the object.


0.13 2006-07-21

- Class::AlzaboWrapper::Cusor->next() will die with a useful error
message if it encounters a table for which there is no corresponding
class.

- Use Exception::Class exceptions instead of die(), so all errors
should include a stack trace.

- The tests foolishly assumed you had MySQL available. Now the tests
try to use MySQL or Postgres, whichever is available. Reported by Joe
McMahon.


0.12  2005-10-22

- Having a function Class::AlzaboWrapper::Cursor() and a class named
Class::AlzaboWrapper::Cursor apparently confuses the heck out of the
Perl interpreter.  Renamed Cursor() to NewCursor().  The former
method name, cursor(), works as well.


0.11  2005-10-21

- Fix a number of methods which were accidentally broken in 0.10.


0.10  2005-10-21

* This release deprecates a number of methods, though it should be
backwards compatible with previous versions.

* Instead of having Class::AlzaboWrapper insert itself as a parent
class for classes which import it, you are encouraged to "use base
'Class::AlzaboWrapper'".

* Instead of passing a table to the import, you are encouraged to call
SetAlzaboTable() and MakeColumnMethods().

* A number of class methods have been renamed to use StudlyCaps, such
as Table(), AlzaboAttributes(), etc.  The old lower_case versions
still work.  See the docs for details.

- Added a next_as_hash method to Class::AlzaboWrapper::Cursor.  Patch
by Eric Waters.

- Allow create() to take extra parameters just like new() does, so
that when _init() is eventually called it can work the same way for
both create() and new().


0.06  2004-09-23

- The cursor object new method now accepts a constructor_method
argument.


0.05  2004-06-25

- Added a new method, alzabo_attributes(), which can be called to find
out what methods were created by calling import.  Also added
_record_attribute_creation() so a custom subclass can record that it
created an attribute method.


0.04  2004-04-23

- The last release broke the table_to_class() method (note to self:
tests would be good).


0.03  2004-04-23

- Make the table() method work in subclasses of classes which inherit
from Class::AlzaboWrapper.


0.02  2004-01-26

- Make it possible to subclass this class by providing caller and base
parameters to import.


0.01  2003-05-03

- Initial release


